hi I'm bill Weimer with fan of fireworks
and today we're talking about safe and
proper use of consumer fireworks we're
going to talk about selecting and
shooting different categories of
consumer fireworks sparklers are one of
the staples of consumer fireworks today
they come in all sorts of sizes and are
used at virtually every 4th of July
celebration in the country fountains are
terrific ground-based items that shoot
spark six eight ten feet in the air
roman candles are the wonderful devices
that shoot flaming balls 50 or 60 feet
into the air rockets and missiles used
to be great trajectory items and today
rockets and missiles have payloads that
produce vibrant colors noises and
different effects firecrackers used by
many cultures to ward off evil spirits
are part of the tradition of celebrating
Independence Day in America tubes and
reloadable czar those classic firework
devices that shoot shells into the air
that bursts into this beautiful
traditional 4th of July color displays
and aerial repeaters are these multiple
shot devices that shoot multiple shells
into the air that break in smaller
patterns and give you wonderful aerial
displays let's talk about a few of the
things you'll need to assist you in
lighting your fireworks you'll need an
extended lighting device a longneck
butane lighter punk or a pyro torch to
enable you to keep as far away from the
product when you're lighting it as
possible before we begin let me tell you
a little bit about phantom fireworks
phantom is one of the nation's leading
retailers of consumer fireworks having
begun business over 30 years ago that
phantom we sell the entire line of
consumer firework products from
sparklers
- 500 gram aerial repeaters at phantom
we want you to have a terrific firework
experience using the latest and greatest
firework devices and using them safely
and properly so let's get started first
we're going to talk about sparklers